announcement slack incubation (#44)
axolo-co/blog.axolo: data/p/axolo-joins-slack-future-of-work-incubator.mdx

---
title: "Axolo joins Slack' Future of Work incubator to help developers review pull requests"
date: "2023-02-13"
tags: []
draft: false
image: "/blog/static/images/partners/axolo-slack-incubator.png"
summary: "Slack has created the Future of Work program, an incubator aimed at supporting French startups in the field. The program is designed to assist entrepreneurs as they navigate the changing world of work and aims to help them grow their businesses by addressing various key areas, including work-life balance, company culture, communication, automation, talent recruitment and management, and retention."
---

<ImageContainer
  alt="sweaty-hands"
  src="/blog/static/images/partners/axolo-slack-incubator.png"
  classNameDiv="mx-20 lg:mx-48"
  classNameImage=""
  width={2576}
  height={1716}
/>

> <span className="rainbow-button text-lg font-bold hover:cursor-auto">We are thrilled!</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<span className="rainbow-button text-lg font-bold hover:cursor-auto">Axolo has been selected by Slack to be part of their Future of Work program !</span>
```
